{Bp-13675} gpio:add feature for gpio wakeup (#13792)
apache/nuttx: Documentation/components/drivers/special/ioexpander.rst

==========================
IO Expander Device Drivers
==========================

-  ``include/nuttx/ioexpander/ioexpander.h`` and ``include/nuttx/ioexpander/gpio.h``.
   All structures and APIs needed to work with ioexpander drivers are provided in
   this header file.

-  ``struct ioexpander_ops_s``. Each ioexpand device driver must implement
   an instance of ``struct ioexpander_ops_s``. That structure defines a
   call table with the methods, and we also provide macros to help access methods.

-  we also provide method ``gpio_lower_half`` to make ioexpander compatible with normal gpio.

-  **Binding ioexpander Drivers**. ioexpander drivers are not normally directly
   accessed by user code, we should always get lower level drivers, for example I2C,

>    and map extended gpio feature same asa normal gpio. See for example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   and map extended gpio feature same as a normal gpio. See for example,
```

Reviewer 2: this patch come from master branch, let's fix it there and cherry-pick to release branch.
